Hello everyone and welcome to the team at level 1 assessment.
It's time to practice all your new skills.
You're going to be viewing him Tim file and recreating it based off of what you see in the browser.
The file We're going to be looking at is called H.
Underscore level underscore one underscore assessment HMO.
Let me show you how you should open this in your browser.
That way you don't actually view the H HTML file you just view it in your browser going to jump to Adam
text editor and my browser now.
OK here I am at the Adam text editor and I have my browser open.
Notice here that I'm looking at a new page that I asked him.
You can be looking at any age T.M. file that you created.
And what I've done is I've made sure that I have here in the strictly the h him level one assessment
I asked him l file and you can find that in the course downloads it's under the HMO level one folder.
There's an aged him a on assessment that asked him I'll file there.
What you should do in order to do this exercise is don't click on this but right click and then select
Copy full path and then paste that path into your browser and then hit enter.
And this is what this Web site looks like.
It says Welcome to my Web site.
It says I'm excited to eventually learn Django.
Here's a link to the official jingle Web site and if you click on that link it takes us to the actual
official Gengel Web site which is W.W. that genome project dot com.
Notice it has HTP s there and going back we see we also have a picture of the Python logo and then it
says here are three reasons jingoes cool one is ridiculously fast it's reassuringly secure and it's
exceedingly scalable.
And then there's a bonus optional extra credit.
So what you're going to be doing is in your own HVM file you're going to try to recreate this.
So think of it while you're looking at this HMO site what kind of tag should this have.
And what kind of tag should these three lines have.
And notice one of them is a link to another Web site.
So think about what kind of attribute or tag that specifically should have and then you'll notice that
we also have this picture of the Python logo.
What I want you to do is either download a picture of the Python logo onto your computer and then set
the link locally or it's also good practice is using the image tags we've learned about is to actually
set the source to a image file that's hosted online which is actually what the solutions do.
And then you'll notice here we have a list.
It's a ordered list.
So one two three and there's finally a bonus or optional extra credit which is can you figure out how
to make a picture into a link.
So this first picture Python nothing happens if I click on it but this last one Django.
Notice how it's clickable.
So if I click on that picture it will actually take me to the Django project documentation just like
this top linked it.
So that's extra credit to figure out how to actually make a picture into a link.
We didn't cover that I'll cover that in the solution.
So that's just a bonus.
Again all you're doing is you're copying this file path into your browser and then in this age HTML
file try to manually recreate what's going on here.
And I'm going to be walking through this in the next lecture for the solutions.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you there.